{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset238 Calibri;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset204 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.22621}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9 G\'f6rkem T\'fcrk\par
Founding Partner at Laton Ventures\par
\par
G\'f6rkem T\'fcrk is the founding partner of Laton\u8239?Ventures, the largest gaming- and apps-focused venture capital fund in Turkiye. Launched in February 2025, Laton closed its inaugural $50\u8239?million fund to support pre-seed and seed-stage gaming startups globally, with a strong emphasis on founders in Turkiye, the US, and Europe.\par
\par
Prior to founding Laton, G\'f6rkem spent six years as Industry Manager for Gaming, Apps & Startups at Google in Istanbul, where he led growth partnerships and ecosystem development in the gaming sector.\par
\par
Under G\'f6rkem\rquote s leadership, Laton has invested in five early-stage companies within its first year\f1\emdash two of which have since secured Series\f0\u8239?A funding, including Grand\u8239?Games which raised $30\u8239?million in under nine months\u8239?. Laton has also quickly risen to rank among the global top 10 most active early-stage gaming VCs.\line\line Volkan Bi\'e7er\par
Partner at Ludus Ventures\par
\par
Volkan\u8239?Bi\'e7er is a Partner at Ludus\u8239?Ventures, a VC firm focused on gaming, game\f2\_\f0 tech, and related categories. Since its establishment in Luxembourg (2021) and expansion to T\'fcrkiye as a Turkish VCIF in early 2024, Ludus manages over\u8239?$60\u8239?million across two funds, with 15 portfolio companies and $200\u8239?million+ in exits.\par
\par
Over a career spanning more than 15 years, Volkan has been at the forefront of gaming entrepreneurship and investment. He was an early backer of Rollic\u8239?Games, which was acquired by Zynga.\line\line Enis Hulli\par
General Partner at e2vc\par
\par
Enis Hulli is a General Partner at e2vc, previously known as 500 Emerging Europe, where he invests in pre\f2\_\f0 seed and seed-stage technology companies across Emerging Europe and T\'fcrkiye. e2vc manages 60+ portfolio companies, including three unicorns, which have collectively raised over $2\u8239?billion to date.\par
\par
Under his leadership, e2vc has backed 39 early-stage teams with its Fund II since mid\f2\_\f0 2021; 20 have raised $5\u8239?million+, 5 have secured $15\u8239?million+, and 1 reached $50\u8239?million+. Across all funds, his portfolio companies have generated over $225\u8239?million in follow-on funding.\line\line\line\f3\u304?smet G\f0\'f6k\f3\'baen\par
General Partner at Ludus Ventures\par
\par
\u304?smet\f0\u8239?G\'f6k\f3\'baen is a General Partner at Ludus\f0\u8239?Ventures, an early-stage gaming-focused VC based in Turkiye. With a background spanning leadership roles at AdColony and Pfizer, he brings deep expertise in digital marketing, business intelligence, and multi-channel growth to Ludus, where he leads investments in promising mobile gaming and game-tech startups.\par
\par
Since joining Ludus in 2020, \f3\u304?smet has spearheaded several high-profile seed investments\f1\emdash most recently Playable\f0\u8239?Factory and Spektra\u8239?Games\f1\emdash helping shape Turkiye\rquote s gaming ecosystem.\line\line Hussam Hammo\par
Founder & CEO at Tamatem Games\par
\par
Hussam Hammo is the founder and CEO of Tamatem Games, a Jordanian company that localises and publishes mobile games for Arabic-speaking gamers. Established in 2013, Tamatem has released over 50 titles, reached more than 150\f0\u8239?million downloads, and secured $2.5\u8239?million in Series\u8239?A funding from global investors such as 500 Startups and Raed Ventures, followed by an $11\u8239?million Series\u8239?B round led by Krafton\u8239?Inc. (creators of PUBG)\u8239?.\par
\par
Under Hussam\rquote s leadership, Tamatem grew rapidly, achieving a 105% annual revenue increase as of 2017, garnering over 38\u8239?million downloads, and gaining recognition from Apple as Best Game of the Year in Saudi Arabia, Egypt, and the UAE\u8239?.\line\line Ada Mockut\f3\u279? Jaime\par
Chief Marketing Officer at Nordcurrent\par
\par
Ada Mockut\u279?\f0\u8239?Jaime currently serves as the Chief Marketing Officer at Nordcurrent, the largest Baltic video game development and publishing studio, known for global hits like Cooking\u8239?Fever (400\u8239?million+ downloads) and Airplane Chefs. She took on the role in September 2024 and brings over a decade of experience in brand development, digital marketing, and customer intelligence.\line\line Serkan \'dcnsal\par
Founder at Startups.watch\par
\par
Serkan \'dcnsal is the founder and CEO of startups.watch, a leading platform tracking Turkiye\rquote s startup ecosystem.\par
\par
Over the past decade, Serkan has emerged as a key voice in T\'fcrkiye\rquote s startup and gaming sectors. He publishes annual \ldblquote Turkish Startup Ecosystem Year\f2\_\f0 in\f2\_\f0 Review\rdblquote  reports\f1\emdash his 2024 edition reveals $1.1\f0\u8239?billion invested over 469 deals, a 44% increase in deal size and 31% year\f2\_\f0 over\f2\_\f0 year growth. He also releases periodic Gaming Snapshot for T\'fcrkiye, providing vital market insights in partnership with H2O Investment\line\line Gabriele Aimone\par
CEO & Leadership Consultant at Playnest\par
\par
Gabriele Aimone brings over 14 years of leadership experience across Supercell and Neon\u8239?Koi, where he helped grow global teams and refine workplace cultures. Since December 2024, he has served as CEO of Playnest\f1\emdash the Helsinki-based next-generation platform and publishing ecosystem for hybrid casual games, built by game industry veterans with a passion for making game discovery, development, and publishing smarter and more seamless.\line\line Halil \f3\u304?brahim \f0\'d6zdemir\par
Managing Director & Founder at Leus\par
\par
Halil \f3\u304?brahim \f0\'d6zdemir is the Founder and Managing Director of Leus Capital, a financial platform that provides mobile game and app studios with fast, collateral-free funding. Leus helps studios scale without giving up equity, offering capital through products like KatAppult and ReLoad, based on performance metrics such as ROAS and LTV.\par
\par
Halil focuses on making the funding process faster and more accessible for developers, aiming to support sustainable growth across the mobile ecosystem.\line\line Sashank Vandrangi\par
Co-founder at Gameramp\par
\par
Sashank Vandrangi is the co-founder of GameRamp, an AI-driven publishing platform designed to help mobile game developers optimize monetization and scale their games faster. GameRamp, headquartered in San Francisco with an R&D hub in Bengaluru, provides small and mid-size studios with tools that automate in-game monetization and user acquisition using reinforcement learning and other AI techniques. Under Sashank\rquote s leadership, GameRamp recently raised $5.4 million in a funding round led by BITKRAFT Ventures to launch its core products.\par
\par
These products include AI-powered systems to personalize in-game economies in real time and an embedded financing solution to help developers fund user growth. Sashank\rquote s vision is to empower game creators to succeed without needing large publishing teams, by offering an \ldblquote AI-native\rdblquote  publishing stack that handles many of the complex tasks of scaling a game in today\rquote s competitive market.\line\line Ba\f3\'baak Zerman\par
Head Of Sales at Adjust\par
\par
Ba\'baak Zerman is the Regional Sales Lead for Turkey, the Middle East, and Africa at Adjust, a leading mobile marketing analytics company. She is a data-driven sales strategist with nearly a decade of experience in mobile advertising, attribution, and data analytics. Prior to her current role, Ba\'baak built her expertise working in digital ad sales and business development for companies like Yandex and App Samurai, where she helped clients optimize mobile campaigns.\par
\par
In her role at Adjust, she advises game studios and app developers on how to track user acquisition, measure retention, and maximize ROI using Adjust\rquote s platform. Ba\'baak\rquote s blend of technical knowledge and business acumen enables her to guide partners in making smarter, data-informed marketing decisions in the mobile games space.\line\line Cvetan Rusimov\par
C\f4\lang1049\'c5\'ce at Imperia Online\par
\par
Cvetan Rusimov is the CEO of Imperia Online JSC, a game development company based in Sofia, Bulgaria. He has been part of the company since 2008 and became CEO in 2023. Under his leadership, the studio continues to operate a portfolio of strategy games, including the long-running title Imperia Online, with millions of users across multiple platforms.\par
\par
He also oversees the studio\rquote s role within the Stillfront Group and manages publishing and localization efforts across global markets. Cvetan frequently participates in industry events and contributes to discussions on international publishing and game operations.\line\line\f0\lang1033\'d6zg\'fcr Karayal\'e7\f3\u305?n\par
Vice President at VLMedia\par
\par
\f0\'d6zg\'fcr\u8239?Karayal\'e7\f3\u305?n is Vice Chair of the T\f0\'fcrkiye Oyun Geli\f3\'batiricileri Derne\u287?i (TOGED) and Vice President at VLMedia, a company developing mobile applications and gaming experiences for over 150\f0\u8239?million users worldwide\u8239?.\par
\par
He spent nine years supporting 170+ startups at ODT\'dc Teknokent, directing ICT cluster management, before joining VLMedia in 2018.\par
Yal\'e7\f3\u305?n \f0\'d6zdemir\par
Founder & CEO at AppNation\par
\par
Yal\'e7\f3\u305?n\f0\u8239?\'d6zdemir is the Founder and CEO of AppNation, a leading Istanbul\f2\_\f0 based developer and publisher of AI-powered mobile apps, including Genie, Fotorama, and Arch.\par
\par
Launched in 2021, the company quickly grew to over 50 team members and has since earned global recognition, most recently claiming the title of \ldblquote most downloaded app made in Turkiye on the App Store worldwide\rdblquote  for Genie\u8239?.\par
\par
He was also recently named to the Forbes 30 Under 30 Europe (2025) list, joining visionaries like Mark Zuckerberg and Daniel Ek, making this recognition \ldblquote a symbol of Turkish youth ambition, talent and global impact.\rdblquote\line\line Mariusz Gasiewski\par
CEE Mobile Gaming and Apps Lead at Google\par
\par
Mariusz G\f3\'b9siewski leads Mobile Gaming and Apps for Google in Central and Eastern Europe, where he helps Google\rquote s top clients develop winning strategies in mobile gaming, fintech, sports betting, and real money gaming. With over 17 years at Google, Mariusz blends deep market insight with a data-first mindset\f1\emdash analyzing user behavior and cross-platform trends using both internal and external sources.\par
\line\line Stanislav Stankovic\par
Senior Game Design Director at Electronic Arts\par
\par
With over 13 years in the games industry, Stanislav Stankovi\f3\'e6 is a leading expert in F2P live\f2\_\f0 service design, currently serving as Senior Game Design Director at Electronic Arts (EA).  His experience spans top studios including Supercell and Rovio, , where he led the creation of core mechanics, metagame economies, and retention-driven systems.\line\line Jakub Remiar\par
Founder & Host at two & a half gamers\par
\par
Jakub has nearly a decade of experience in mobile free-to-play game design and monetization, stemming from his PhD in VR psychology. Today, he consults for game studios and publishers, and co-hosts the Two\u8239?&\u8239?a\u8239?Half\u8239?Gamers podcast, where he explores product monetization dynamics.\line\line John Wright\par
CEO at Turborilla\par
\par
John Wright has been appointed CEO of Turborilla as of June 2025, marking a significant leadership transition for the renowned Swedish studio behind global hits like Mad Skills Motocross and BMX (200\u8239?million+ downloads).\par
\par
With nearly 15 years in the games industry, his previous role was Vice President of Mobile Games at Kwalee, where he led a global team of 180 and scaled the company past 1\u8239?billion downloads\line\line Sena Ko\'e7er Haseki\par
Co-founder & CPO at Pepapp\par
\par
Sena Ko\'e7er Haseki is the Co\f2\_\f0 founder and Chief Product Officer at Pepapp, a T\'fcrkiye\f2\_\f0 based femtech startup innovating in menstrual health, confidence-building, and wellness. Since launching Pepapp in 2024, she has led the development of mission-driven digital solutions, including a high-impact \ldblquote Courage\rdblquote  campaign in partnership with Orkid that reached thousands of women and strengthened menstrual health discourse.\line\line Joonas Palmgren\par
Design Manager at Grand-Attic\par
\par
Joonas P. has been working as Design Manager at Grand\f2\_\f0 Attic Ltd., a mobile gaming publisher in Helsinki, since December 2023. Before that role, he was Head of Design at Wonder Hive, and previously served as Lead Designer at Futureplay Games, Lead Game Designer at Wooga, and Head of Design at Ocean View Games.\par
\par
His background spans product and game design leadership across multiple studios. At Grand\f2\_\f0 Attic, Joonas focuses on design strategy and creative vision for mobile titles.\line\line G\'f6k\'e7e Nur O\f3\u287?uz\par
Co-founder & CEO at Boby.ai\par
\par
G\f0\'f6k\'e7e Nur O\f3\u287?uz is the Co-founder and CEO of Boby.ai, a T\f0\'fcrkiye-based startup building AI-powered mobile applications. The company recently secured seed funding to grow its product line and bring user-focused AI tools to a global audience.\par
\par
Before founding Boby.ai, G\'f6k\'e7e led two successful gaming startups, Playable Factory and Fabrika Games, both of which reached large international user bases. She now brings her experience in rapid product development and global scaling to the AI space. Boby.ai\rquote s flagship app, Mozart.ai, allows users to create personalized music with AI and has surpassed 2.5 million downloads.\line\line Cem Elmas\par
Senior Product Manager at GimmeMore\par
\par
Cem Elmas is a Senior Product Manager at GimmeMore GmbH, based in Berlin. He works on product strategy, cross-functional coordination and growth initiatives for GimmeMore\rquote s entertainment platform.\par
\par
Before joining GimmeMore, he held roles in project management, production and digital growth across media and technology sectors. Cem has over five years of experience shaping user\f2\_\f0 driven products and facilitating collaboration across design, engineering and marketing teams.\line\line Deniz Keke\'e7\par
Senior Performance Marketing Manager at InnoGames\par
\par
Deniz Keke\'e7 started working at InnoGames in December 2020 as a Performance Marketing Manager, a role she held for 3 years and 2 months before being elevated to Senior Performance Marketing Manager in February 2024, a position she continues to hold today.\par
\par
She frequently shares insights on narrative-driven UA, payback periods, and ad quality, and is also an ambassador for Women in Games\line\line Katerina Burbela\par
Senior Business Development Manager at Homa\par
\par
Katerina Burbela is Senior Business Development Manager at Homa, a leading publisher in the hypercasual and hybridcasual mobile games space. She works closely with developers to build partnerships, guide product strategy, and bring new titles to global markets.\par
\par
Before joining Homa, she held business development and publishing roles at companies including Gamigo, Remote Control Productions, and Kevuru Games. She brings years of experience in developer relations, market expansion, and live ops support across the mobile gaming ecosystem.\line\line Rana Rahman\par
Founder & CEO at Raptor PR\par
\par
Rana Rahman founded Raptor PR in 2019 as a solo consultancy and grew it into a full-service B2B agency by 2021, specializing in PR and communications for the global games, tech, and emerging tech industries.\par
\par
The agency delivers creative campaigns, media strategy, and community-building across the US, Europe, and MENA\f1\emdash helping clients cultivate visibility, investor interest, and developer relations\line\line\line O\f3\u287?uz Silahtar\par
Chief AI Officer at Transform Gaming\par
\par
O\u287?uz Silahtar is Chief AI Officer at Transform Gaming, where he leads artificial intelligence strategy across a portfolio of social gaming studios, with a focus on value creation, product scalability, and rethinking user acquisition. He also serves as an AI Advisor to Jetapult, supporting advanced architecture and deployment, and as a Venture Partner at 212 VC, where he works closely with early-stage startups in gaming and AI.\line\line\line Yasin Hatibo\u287?lu\par
Data Analyst at Supercell\par
\par
Yasin Hatibo\u287?lu is a Data Analyst at Supercell, where he leverages gameplay and marketing metrics to optimize player engagement and growth. He joined Supercell in 2023 after a five-year tenure at Seriously Digital Entertainment, and previously served as Senior Product Manager at Rovio, making him a seasoned voice in mobile games analytics\par
\line Erkmen Aydo\u287?du\par
General Manager at SciPlay\par
\par
Erkmen Aydo\u287?du is the General Manager of SciPlay T\f0\'fcrkiye, where he leads the studio\rquote s transformation toward building longer-lasting, engagement-focused mobile titles. His journey began at Alictus in July 2019 as a User Acquisition Manager, where he quickly rose through the ranks: Growth Lead for Marketing, Head of Studio for Product, then VP of Games. Following SciPlay\rquote s acquisition of Alictus, the studio rebranded and transitioned fully into SciPlay T\'fcrkiye in 2024, with Erkmen stepping into the role of General Manager.\par
\par
Over his 5+ years with the team, Erkmen has been a driving force in its evolution\f1\emdash from high-velocity hyper-casual development to a more sustainable, product-first mindset.\line\line Can U\f0\'e7ar\par
Strategic Partner Manager at Google\par
\par
U\'e7ar currently works as a Strategic Partner Manager in Google\rquote s Apps & Gaming division, based in Dublin, where he advises global publishers and developers on mobile monetization strategies, especially leveraging AdMob for sustainable app and gaming growth.\par
\par
Prior to joining Google, Can served as a Publishing Manager at Voodoo from May 2020 to April 2021, overseeing hit titles and guiding publishing strategy for leading hyper-casual games. He then spent almost four years at Gybe Games, progressing to lead Product & Strategy, where he shaped the creative and strategic direction of Gybe\rquote s mobile releases .\line\line\line Kirill Murashov\par
Head of Monetization at Azur Games\par
\par
monetization strategy across a portfolio of globally scaled mobile titles. He has over two years of experience as a product manager and has launched more than five products, with a focus on optimizing revenue performance and player experience.\par
\par
With a background in physics and a Master\rquote s degree earned with honors, Kirill brings strong analytical skills to his work. He applies a data-driven approach to monetization, user acquisition, and A/B testing, combining technical depth with product thinking to drive measurable results.\line\line David Doherty\par
Strategic Account Executive at Rive\par
\par
Dave Doherty is a Strategic Account Executive at Rive, where he works closely with gaming and tech clients to implement Rive\rquote s interactive animation solutions in their products. Drawing on extensive experience in business development, Dave focuses on building partnerships between Rive and game studios, helping teams use the platform\rquote s animated graphics technology to elevate their mobile games and apps. His industry insight and hands-on support enable developers to create more dynamic, engaging user interfaces.\par
\par
In his role at Rive, Dave is essentially a bridge between the creative potential of the tool and the strategic goals of game companies looking to improve player engagement through animation.\line\line Ay\f3\'bae Duygu Haykir\par
Lead Marketing Manager at Codeway\par
\par
Ay\'bae Duygu Hayk\u305?r is a Senior Marketing Manager for games at Codeway Studios, where she spearheads creative marketing and user acquisition campaigns for the company\rquote s mobile titles. She has a strong background in performance marketing, previously leading digital marketing efforts at AnalyticaHouse and even interning at Coca-Cola early in her career. Duygu\rquote s expertise in data-driven growth and creative strategy has made her a key figure in Turkey\rquote s mobile gaming scene, helping to scale apps to global audiences.\line\line Tom Storr\par
Founder at The Experimentation Group\par
\par
Tom Storr is a co-founder of The Experimentation Group, a consultancy that helps game studios accelerate growth through data-driven experimentation. He spent seven years at King (makers of Candy Crush Saga) as a Product Lead in the Experimentation team, where he collaborated on hit titles like Bubble Witch Saga and Diamond Digger. During his time at King, Tom introduced features such as \ldblquote Hard Level Labeling\rdblquote  and the \ldblquote Piggy Bank\rdblquote  that became industry-standard monetization and retention mechanics. Now, through The Experimentation Group, he applies his hands-on expertise to advise developers on optimizing game design and Live Ops to boost player engagement and revenue.\line\line Tod Bouris\par
Engineering Manager at Rive\par
\par
Tod Bouris is an Engineering Manager and Developer Relations Engineer at Rive, a company known for its real-time interactive animation tools. At Rive, Tod works on the cutting edge of 2D animation technology, helping game developers integrate high-quality interactive animations into their projects. With a background in software engineering and a passion for gaming, he bridges the gap between creative design and technical implementation.\par
\par
Tod\rquote s role involves both managing Rive\rquote s runtime engineering team and supporting the developer community, ensuring that studios can seamlessly use Rive\rquote s powerful animation runtime to enhance their games\rquote  visuals and user experience.\line\line Ali Kodal\par
Co-Founder & COO at Brew Games\par
\par
Ali Kodal is the Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer of Brew Games, a studio specializing in hyper-casual and hybrid-casual mobile games. He brings over a decade of experience in sales and marketing to the gaming industry, having served as a Sales Manager at PUBLIK Digital Agency and a Traffic Coordinator at Fox International Channels before starting Brew Games. At Brew Games, Ali oversees daily operations and growth strategy, leveraging his diverse background to drive the company\rquote s success in the competitive mobile games market.\line\line Sarper Uslupehlivan\par
COO at Ace Games\par
\par
Sarper Uslupehlivan is the Chief Operating Officer of Ace Games, a fast-growing mobile gaming company based in Istanbul. As COO, he oversees day-to-day operations and strategy for a studio whose vision is to create games enjoyed by players worldwide. Sarper played a pivotal role in Ace Games\rquote  rise, contributing to both product development and business expansion.\par
\par
With a background in analytics and a talent for team leadership, he ensures that Ace\rquote s titles meet high-quality standards and reach global audiences. Under Sarper\rquote s operational guidance, Ace Games has continued to refine its mobile game portfolio and scale up its international presence in the industry.\line\line I\'ba\u305?l Eralp\par
Marketing Director at Rovio\par
\par
I\'ba\u305?l Eralp is a seasoned marketing leader in the mobile games industry. Until June 2025, she served as Director of Marketing at Ruby Games, the \u304?zmir-based studio behind hyper-casual hits like Hunter Assassin, which has surpassed 480 million downloads worldwide. During her time at Ruby, she led global marketing and user acquisition efforts, driving data-driven growth strategies and creative campaigns that turned titles like Hunter Assassin into international successes.\par
\par
As of June 2025, I\'ba\u305?l has joined Rovio\rquote s Central Marketing team, where she and her team oversee flagship titles such as Angry Birds 2, Angry Birds Dream Blast, as well as upcoming soft launch projects. This role expands her reach in global publishing, connecting her with an even broader network across the gaming ecosystem.\par
\par
Her leadership has helped solidify Ruby Games\rquote  reputation in hyper-casual gaming and now contributes to Rovio\rquote s continued success in the casual and mid-core space. Beyond her corporate role, I\'ba\u305?l actively shares her expertise as an industry ambassador, encouraging more women to thrive in game marketing and leadership.\par
\par
Zeynep Ay\f0\'e7a Durdular\par
UA & Marketing Creatives Manager at Unico\par
\par
Zeynep Ay\'e7a Durdular is a User Acquisition and Marketing Creatives Manager at Unico Studio, the developer of the wildly popular Brain Test mobile puzzle series. At Unico Studio, she leads cross-functional teams in creating high-performing ad creatives and managing campaigns that have contributed to the company\rquote s 1.2 billion+ game downloads globally.\par
\par
Zeynep\rquote s role involves both the art and science of mobile marketing: designing catchy visuals and videos for ads, as well as analyzing data to optimize performance. Her efforts help ensure that Unico\rquote s puzzle and trivia games (like Brain Test and its sequels) continue to attract and engage players around the world, reinforcing the studio\rquote s status as one of the top mobile game developers\line\line Mert \f3\'aaim\'baek\par
Chief Marketing Officer at Apps\par
\par
Mert \'aaim\'baek is the co-founder of APPS (Apps Mobile), a mobile gaming startup where he currently spearheads marketing and monetization. As both an iOS developer and a marketing lead, Mert wears multiple hats to ensure his hyper-casual games reach wide audiences while monetizing effectively. Since co-founding the company in 2019, he has been at the forefront of Turkey\rquote s hyper-casual boom, optimizing user acquisition funnels and in-game ad strategies that have driven millions of downloads for APPS\rquote s games.\par
\par
Mert\rquote s unique blend of technical skill and business savvy has helped transform a small studio into a growing player in the mobile games market.\line\line Katerina Maliaran\par
Head of Ad Monetization at Burny Games\par
\par
Katerina Maliaran is the Head of Ad Monetization at Burny Games, a Kyiv-based mobile puzzle game studio. Since joining in 2022, she has built the monetization department from the ground up, managing mediation platforms such as MAX, AdMob, and LevelPlay. Her approach combines data-driven decision-making with a strong focus on user experience and long-term retention.\par
\par
Before entering the games industry, Katerina worked in digital marketing, where she focused on performance campaigns and user acquisition. She now specializes in balancing revenue strategies with compliance, particularly around privacy regulations like GDPR and consent frameworks in mobile gaming.\line\line Aliaksei Sasnitski\par
LiveOps Designer, Producer at Wargaming\par
\par
Aliaksei Sasnitski is a game designer at Wargaming, known for his creative direction and passion for board game development. He was selected as a judge for the DevGAMM Awards 2024, demonstrating his respected standing in the game design community.\par
\par
At DevGAMM Vilnius 2024, he led a hands-on workshop titled \ldblquote Creativity out of nothing: let\rquote s create a new game idea out of thin air,\rdblquote  in which he shared practical methods for generating game ideas and features. Based in Vilnius, he often describes himself as a creative director, board game enthusiast, and developer.\line\line Zoran Gjorgiev\par
Product Manager at InnoGames\par
\par
Zoran Gjorgiev is a Product Manager at InnoGames, currently working on Rise of Cultures. He began his career at the company in quality assurance, contributing to Forge of Empires before transitioning into product management.\par
\par
With a background in testing and game quality, Zoran now focuses on feature planning, player engagement, and long-term roadmap execution. He also brings experience in team training and has shared insights on gamified approaches to QA and product development.\line\line Serkan \f0\'d6zay\par
Co-Founder & Creative Director at Hero Concept\par
\par
Serkan \'d6zay is the Co-Founder and Creative Director of Hero Concept, an Istanbul-based indie studio established in June 2017, known for titles like Doughlings: Arcade, Doughlings: Invasion, and Mayhem Brawler, and currently working on Mayhem Brawler II: Best of Both Worlds, with a Kickstarter campaign launched in early 2025. His career in game development spans back to 2003, beginning as a graphic artist and designer before founding Hero Concept.\line\line Alp Geven\par
Co-Founder at Core Engage\par
\par
Alp Geven is the co\f2\_\f0 founder of Core Engage, an Istanbul\f2\_\f0 based indie game developer, and the producer of their debut strategy survival title, New Cycle. The game is currently in Early Access on Steam and has already achieved industry recognition, winning PC Game of the Year at Kristal Piksel 2024\u8239?.\line\line Bilgem \'c7ak\f3\u305?r\par
Co-Founder & CTO/CFO at Clay Token\par
\par
Bilgem \f0\'c7ak\f3\u305?r is the co-founder and CTO/CFO at Clay Token Game Studio, a Seattle- and Ankara-based indie game developer founded in 2018, where he combines executive leadership with hands-on technical direction.\line\line Nihan \u304?\'baler\par
Creative Director at Ubik Studios\par
\par
Nihan \u304?\'baler is the Creative Director and Co\f2\_\f0 Founder of Ubik Studios, founded in Istanbul in 2022 alongside U\f3\u287?ur Canbaz and \u304?smail \u304?bilo\u287?lu. Trained as a graphic designer at Bah\f0\'e7e\f3\'baehir University, she also lectures on Game Design Practices and shapes Ubik\rquote s narrative and aesthetic vision across titles like Havsala: Into the Soul Palace and their latest, Leila, a hand\f2\_\f0 animated puzzle narrative releasing on PC and consoles in April\u8239?2025\line\line Osman Erkol\par
Partner & CEO at 23 Studios\par
\par
Osman\u8239?Erkol is Partner and CEO at 23\u8239?Studios, a leading Turkish game localization and development firm founded in 2009, serving major clients like EA, Ubisoft, SEGA, CD Projekt, and Netflix and operating from Istanbul and Ankara. Osman is a recognized voice in localization strategy and diversity.\line\line Furkan Haksever\par
Co-Founder at Red Axe Games\par
\par
Furkan Haksever co\f2\_\f0 founded Red Axe Games in 2020, serving as CEO and guiding the Turkish indie studio to become a prominent publisher and developer of simulation titles. The studio\rquote s breakout success, Car For Sale Simulator 2023, launched in November\u8239?2024 on PC and mobile\f1\emdash garnering over 5 million downloads on Android, a 3.9 rating among 118K reviews, and 30K Steam followers with 100K wishlist adds across platforms.\line\line\line Sezer \f0\'d6mr\'fcm \'c7etin\par
CTO & Game Development Director at Prism Studio\par
\par
Sezer \'d6mr\'fcm \'c7etin is the CTO and Game Development Director at Prism Studio, where he leads all aspects of technical strategy and game production. Specializing in multiplayer architecture and animation systems, he brings deep expertise in predictive programming with lag compensation (GAS-based), modular gameplay frameworks, and 3Cs design implementation. At Prism, Sezer is responsible for advanced animation systems\f1\emdash including multi-character interactions using IK, Control Rig, Animation Blueprints, and root motion workflows.\line\line Ilkan Atalar\par
Co-Founder & CEO at Room Games\par
\par
\f3\u304?lkan Atalar co-founded Room Games in \u304?zmir in 2022, building the studio from a small room into a cinematic indie developer with Unreal Engine\f1\endash powered projects. Under his leadership, Room Games is launching Recharge, a hyperrealistic multiplayer RC\f2\_\f0 car experience set for summer 2025 release.\line\line Serdar Baran Ate\f3\'ba\par
Head of Operations & Publishing at Devotion Interactive\par
\par
Serdar Baran Ate\'ba is a seasoned publishing and operations leader at Devotion Interactive, Turkiye\rquote s emerging PC and console indie game publisher. With nearly 10 years of industry experience, he has overseen publishing efforts on over 300 titles and played a key role in launching Turkish indie games globally via Steam marketing and community support\line\line Mertol Altinay\par
Founder at Balas Games\par
\par
Mertol Alt\u305?nay is the Founder and Game Producer at Balas Games, an independent game studio based in Istanbul. Founded in 2021, the studio focuses on PC simulation titles. Their debut project, Recycling Center Simulator, reached over 130,000 sales and marked the studio\rquote s transition from mobile to more complex simulation experiences.\par
\par
Before entering the games industry, Mertol worked in product development and business strategy at Anadolu Isuzu for over 17 years. Today, he leads Balas Games with a focus on long-term design and accessible global publishing.\line\line Do\u287?an Can Yeginer\par
Co-Founder & CEO at Elyzio\par
\par
Do\u287?an Can Ye\u287?iner is the co-founder and CEO of ELYZIO, a next-generation game studio and publisher aiming to build a \ldblquote gaming multiverse\rdblquote  through cutting-edge tech and partnerships. Founded in 2022 by former Google and Ubisoft veterans, ELYZIO recently secured $2 million in pre-seed funding, reflecting investor confidence in its ambitious vision. Under Do\u287?an Can\rquote s leadership, the company has launched its first title, Warden\rquote s Will \f1\endash  a positively received multiplayer bullet-hell shooter \endash  and unveiled a second game in development, Pera Coda, a narrative adventure pushing the boundaries of interactive storytelling.\par
\par
Beyond its own games, ELYZIO also plans to partner with indie teams by providing comprehensive publishing support, helping turn bold ideas into global hits. With a background that spans marketing at Google and founding a prior game startup, Do\f3\u287?an Can brings both tech industry savvy and creative passion to driving ELYZIO\rquote s mission of redefining the gaming landscape.\line\line Onur Can \f0\'c7ayl\f3\u305?\par
Partner/Art Director at Coreloop Partners\par
\par
Onur Can Cayl\u305? is a concept artist and art director with an MFA in Visual Effects and Animation from the Academy of Art University in San Francisco. He began his career at studios like Sony Pictures and DreamWorks, and has contributed to productions for Marvel, HBO, Netflix, Sega, and more.\par
\par
His design work includes credits on titles such as Game of Thrones, Avengers: Age of Ultron, Ant-Man, The Amazing Spider-Man, Terminator Genisys, Men in Black 3, Marvel vs. Capcom, and Sonic.\par
\line\f0\lang9\par
\line\line Barbara Erman\par
Marketing & Partnerships Lead at Outfit7\par
\par
Barbara Erman is a marketing and partnerships leader at Outfit7. She works with product and publishing teams to shape go‑to‑market plans, partner activations and creator collaborations across key titles. Her focus is turning player insights into clear positioning and high‑performing campaigns.\par
\par
Before joining Outfit7, Barbara supported mobile products in growth and community roles, giving her a hands‑on view of how creative, UA and live‑ops intersect.\par
\line\line Olga Romanovich\par
Marketing Lead at Zephyr Mobile\par
\par
Olga Romanovich leads marketing at Zephyr Mobile, coordinating user acquisition, App Store optimization and creative testing across puzzle and casual titles. She partners with product to align monetization and roadmap priorities with audience growth.\par
\par
Her background spans publishing and agency work, where she helped studios scale UA with data‑driven creative iteration and channel diversification.\par
\line\line Peggy Anne Salz\par
Founder & Chief Analyst at MobileGroove\par
\par
Peggy Anne Salz is the founder of MobileGroove and an industry analyst, advisor and author focused on the business of apps and games. She works with companies worldwide to translate market trends into practical growth strategies, content frameworks and thought‑leadership.\par
\par
Peggy frequently moderates and speaks at conferences, connecting product, marketing and monetization best practices across the mobile ecosystem.\par
}
 